readme.md, before:

# batch-showdown <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/batch-showdown"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/batch-showdown.svg" alt="Version"></a>

A small node.js script that takes a folder path to markdown files and then generate html files using [showdown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/showdown).

See configuration on how to include css and js into the generated files.


### Install

```bash
npm install batch-showdown -g
```

### Usage

```bash
batch-showdown <source_folder> <destination_folder> [configuration.js] [verbose?]

# Example
batch-showdown "src/docs" "public/docs" "src/docs/config.js"
```

### In another project?

Install and add it to dependencies
```bash
npm install batch-showdown --save
```
Make a script in package.json
```json
"scripts":{
  "docs": "batch-showdown \"src/docs\" \"public/docs\" \"src/docs/config.js\""
}
```
Run script from project folder
```bash
npm run docs
```


### Configure
Pass a .js file as third argument.
Configuration looks like this:
```js
module.exports = {
  css: ["path/to/some/style.css"],
  js: ["path/to/some/script.js"],
  onload: "runScript();"
}
```

Commit message:

A reference to all generated files will be in tree.json

readme.md, after:

# batch-showdown <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/batch-showdown"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/batch-showdown.svg" alt="Version"></a>

A small node.js script that takes a folder path to markdown files and then generate html files using [showdown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/showdown).

See configuration on how to include css and js into the generated files.

When done, all markdown files will be at the destination as .html files and a reference can be found at <destination>/tree.json

### Install

```bash
npm install batch-showdown -g
```

### Usage

```bash
batch-showdown <source_folder> <destination_folder> [configuration.js] [verbose?]

# Example
batch-showdown "src/docs" "public/docs" "src/docs/config.js"
```

### In another project?

Install and add it to dependencies
```bash
npm install batch-showdown --save
```
Make a script in package.json
```json
"scripts":{
  "docs": "batch-showdown \"src/docs\" \"public/docs\" \"src/docs/config.js\""
}
```
Run script from project folder
```bash
npm run docs
```


### Configure
Pass a .js file as third argument.
Configuration looks like this:
```js
module.exports = {
  css: ["path/to/some/style.css"],
  js: ["path/to/some/script.js"],
  onload: "runScript();"
}
```
